In the last lecture we saw NGF super useful directive and NGF was a structural directive the abjured
type of directives aren't attribute directives which are calls like this because they really just look
like normal HVM all attributes without a star basically.
Let's add one on the server component here.
We output the server status right and the service status always is off line.
Let's mix this up.
Let's say we want to dynamically create this so add the constructor which is just a built in method
ege types of class has which is called Once this component is created.
And here I will set the service status to a random value.
I will use the Moff random function and this gives us a random number between 0 and 1 floating point
number.
And if this is greater than 0 5 I want to set the status to online overwise wise I will set it to off
line.
So with that we shouldn't get the same status all the time.
And now let's check this.
We see indeed online of lender lacquey could have of course also been bouffe off line since we have
a 50 percent chance.
Now we have two different status this year.
And now let's say we want to change the color off the background color of this component depending on
the service status for this we can use a number directive on this wrapping paragraph here.
I can add it and it's called Engy style.
Now that's a bold indirect if you can recognize it is on d n g.
At the beginning and Engy style that's the directive is bready use us like this.
We need to give it some configuration to do something that is why we will use property binding on this
directive and it's super important to understand that the square brackets here are not part of the directive
name that directive name is just any style.
The square brackets indicate that we want to bind to some property on this directive and this property
name happens to all be Engy style.
We will see those in practice on our own directives in the directive section later.
But Zuber important to understand that property binding is not the same as a directive.
It's totally different.
We are binding to a property of the directive.
This energy style property expects to get a javascript object.
And here we defined key value pairs of dis style name as to key and the value of the style as well.
Well you know for example we could bind background color and if you want to use this notation with the
dash you have to wrap it in single quotation marks to make it a valid javascript property name or you
use the camel case notation.
Background color like this.
And then you could set this to read but I don't want to set a red.
I want to set up something depending on the server status.
So here we could simply call a method get color so that is really mixing now all the things and make
it clear that between the quotation marks we are executing types of code here so therefore we can of
course call a method.
Now get colorists a method we can add here and get color should.
Now let's say you turn green if the status is on line and read otherwise.
So I will return something.
First I checked the server status.
So this server status.
And if this is equal to you online using a turn or expressing here I will return.
Green overwise I will return read.
So get color will return green or red.
And does it stand aside as the background color with ngi style.
If we now safe this let's have a look at the result.
We see indeed the running server has a green background and the offline server has a red one.
So that is working and free style allows us to dynamically update that if a reload.
You see now both are on of line.
So both are read now.
And that is the big advantage of and you style it allows you to dynamically update the styles.
And of course the service status you did change over time.
It would update the styling respectively.
So is binding we set up here still is working.
If the service status here which is responsible for choosing the right color changes it updates the
style.
So that's any style attribute directive added like attribute.
And in this case also using property binding to configure it